README.md, before:

# Blog App

Welcome to the Blog App!  

This is a simple blog application built with Ruby on Rails. Follow the steps below to set up and run the project on your machine.  

## Prerequisites  

Before you begin, make sure you have:  
- **Ruby** installed on your machine.  
- An active internet connection to install dependencies and run the project.  

## Technologies  

- **Ruby on Rails:** Version 8.0.1  
- **Dependencies:** Automatically installed during setup (see steps below).  

## Getting Started  

1. Clone this repository:  
    git clone https://github.com/chroanz/rails-blog.git

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    cd rails-blog

3. Install the dependencies:
    bundle install

4. Start the local server:
    rails server

5. Open your browser and access:
    http://localhost:3000

## Features
    View posts: The homepage displays a list of posts. Click "See more..." to view details and comments.

    Create new posts: To create a new post, you need to sign up. Feel free to explore this feature!
    
## Contributing
    Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request with improvements.

Commit message:

updating the migrations on readme

README.md, after:

# Blog App

Welcome to the Blog App!  

This is a simple blog application built with Ruby on Rails. Follow the steps below to set up and run the project on your machine.  

## Prerequisites  

Before you begin, make sure you have:  
- **Ruby** installed on your machine.  
- An active internet connection to install dependencies and run the project.  

## Technologies  

- **Ruby on Rails:** Version 8.0.1  
- **Dependencies:** Automatically installed during setup (see steps below).  

## Getting Started  

1. Clone this repository:  
    git clone https://github.com/chroanz/rails-blog.git

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    cd rails-blog

3. Install the dependencies:
    bundle install

4. Run migrations by using:
    rails db:migrate

5. Start the local server:
    rails server

6. Open your browser and access:
    http://localhost:3000

## Features
    View posts: The homepage displays a list of posts. Click "See more..." to view details and comments.

    Create new posts: To create a new post, you need to sign up. Feel free to explore this feature!
    
## Contributing
    Contributions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request with improvements.
